This is a collection of short stories from various Iterations. Their purpose is to augment the information already collected on each Iteration.

* Ode to Sand:
     This tale is from a distant timeline of Iteration 3 a few centuries after a development in space travel.
     
     **_Ode To ‘Sand’:_**
    
     The thick smoke piled into the air, lazily following the tracks of the crawler. They were close enough to see the crewmembers of the hulking metal giant through binoculars at this distance but would need to get closer to fire accurately. The metal creaked underneath his feet as Alex dropped the pair he was using to view the enemy armaments – there were next to none – and headed back inside, the sand buffeting his light clothing.
    
     It was mid-morning, and they had been woken up to the sounds of the lookout ringing the offense bell. There was a subtle wind blowing, not strong enough to affect the crawler, but enough to be pleasant to a crew long starved of nature’s cool embrace. The only thing out here was sand, sand, and perhaps more sand, overlooked by gargantuan tumbling ruins dwarfing even mountains in their grand stature. It was almost like a faux ecosystem – the scavengers looked for scraps within these ruins, and the hunters took the scraps from the scavengers, usually not very passively, either. Currently, Alex was on board one of his company’s hunter crawlers, and pursuing an unfortunate scavenger crawler, from another company. Although the scavengers were meant to be quick on their feet – so to speak – Captain had specifically requested modifications to this hunter crawler to be able to catch up to scavengers like these.
    
     “Jesse, man the port cannon!”
    
     Stepping out of his room groggily, he noticed a man in a red coat long stained beige by sand stood amid a hallway crowded with bodies, barking commands as he took a silver revolver from an inner pocket. Captain.
    
     A man, presumably Jesse, ran off to a door on the port quarter, leading to the appropriate balcony.
    
     “Adra, you’re on the starboard cannon. Samuel, I want you and Jack on movements, and...” He looked at his checklist, running down the names of the crew, “I need Alex leading boarding party – take the remaining five with you, Vee as well.”
    
     To be head of the boarding party was an honour, albeit an expected one. The company had specifically requested Alex be on boarding party permanently, due to ‘inexplicable skill during induction’. Although the position was well earned, it still required a few extra gold crowns stuffed into an official’s pocket. It wasn’t as though he didn’t have the skill to be specially requested; the companies were known to be stingy with promotions, especially early ones. The official later got executed for taking bribes – a fitting end - but Alex stayed in his position.
    
     Alex headed through the hallway and up a short flight of stairs, metal creaking under his feet and behind him as his party followed and the crawler hastened its assault. They were approximately two-hundred metres from the enemy crawler, and closing fast, the bassy boom of cannons sounding out from below, and the loud cracks following like thunder. After two rounds of cannon fire, they were within one-hundred metres. One more and they were within fifty. Alex tensed himself on handlebars, bracing for impact as his crew did likewise.
    
     A louder crack and a sharp jolt signalled that they had collided with the scavengers, and it was time to board. Klaxons blared madly, drowning out the noise of gunshots, blood splattering the walls as the distraught enemy ran like headless chickens. The fight was over in minutes.

* The beginning:
     We stand in a well-lit room. The furnishings of this room consist mainly of lavish paintings and furniture, which appear to shift before our eyes, gaining modesty, gaining judgement, gaining Soul. The carpeting is a heap of reds and yellows, along with all the colours of royalty, and we are thrust into un-explanation and realisation at the sight of a such a welcoming-and-yet-distinguished household. Our newly-formed bodies flex each and every muscle, testing our fingers, wiggling our toes. The air pops and crackles beneath our divine weight. We are three, and yet one. One of us has been living far longer than us, and with more Soul. Far more Soul. We see this from his golden crest, the glowing spirit which lives inside him, feeding him pure, unadulterated energy. We yearn for such freedom, such un-materiality, such peace. And yet, we have a job to do. Two jobs, though we cannot sense, cannot feel, cannot touch. We are alone, and yet we are together. There was no mistake to be made, we are created this way, forever, and ever, and ever, until Truth’s death. Sensory input fails, and we clutch at our naked humanoid forms for some sense of self, some sight, some touch. We find nothing but the gold. The gold, golden light that trickles through our every pore, every orifice – as we open our mouths to speak the silent incantations like a child blabbering and wailing at their overstimulation – it speaks to us of the higher power, that which guides us, our duties, the world. We know, and yet we don’t _know_. We fall to the floor.
    
     We are wrapped in cloth, silky fabric – that which is fit for one of royal descent – though such a thing doesn’t exist. We feel now, we touch now, we do not embrace, for though we are created as two at the same beginning, we are not the same. We can sense the ‘what came before’ as easily as we sense the ‘what came after’, which is to say, we cannot. Not yet. I access it, I feel that ‘before’, that land of shadow, doubt, rain, cold. A thought drifts by. Cold. ‘Dusty, dreary, and yet... somehow lovable’ as the words trail from my brain as though type-written onto a blank parchment. I am me. They are me. They are not me, for I am me. Therefore, I am me, they are them. You. I call to me, and I hear, and I listen, and I repeat. I am me. I hear myself. Speaking through no mouth, no tongue to form the consonants, no lungs, no heart, no blood. Ink on paper. Originally, that is all we were. We are so much more now. Thoughts in minds, memetic in their expansion. The words are “Thick and treacly”, and “though I could easily have it corked” The Truth hums in my no-ear, and I hear. The words form sentences, paragraphs, form knowledge once known. I had a bond, once. Not to any of this world, but to another. I hope he comes back. I hope to invite him to _be_ with us.
    
     “Enough of me”, I say with no mouth, and so no sound occurs to be. I form one, a rudimentary method of producing sound, and I will find a way around it in future. I speak. “Enough of me”, I once again say, and the noise bounces around, the soundwaves reaching these metaphorical ears of mine, and the metaphorical ears of Truth. The True One, only One. Creator. As it was said, long ago, in ‘the time before’, and ‘the time now’, and ‘the time after’. Not a father, as no one fathered them. They came from our world, and yet not, as they created a shifting avatar of endless personality, a being, a person, a man. A man, with all man’s faults, and so he created us to be his descendants. To go to the ground, to dirty our hands among both the faithful and unfaithful, to live, to love, to hate, to die. We _are_. We _be_. And more words are spoken to my subconscious: “This thing is”.
    
     We form our bodies yet again, choosing our forms this time. I support the simplicity of this life, and so I shall, and did, choose a form to reflect me. My co-conspirator, my brother-in-arms, my peer, chooses his body too. His is formless, for he searches for more to life than to simply _be_. We are not evil, for evil is beneath us. We are formed. I stand in the lavish house, and my feet sit on the wooden floor. I feel every ridge, every crack. The age of the house is known to me, and I feel everything on it. My sensitivity is too high. I make myself silent. I am noiseless, and I may lessen my sensitivity before increasing my noise again. We all have our forms. The True One is short, as they are depicted in Truth, for no one could ask for more. He requires something of us, and we hand our Soul over. He takes mine, and as it was said, mirrors the breakage of bread and fish and shares our Soul amongst us few three. We dine, then, at the table, as we have moved to the room which shares its name. The occupants are none but us, and food is granted to us by none but ourselves. We will it to be. I need not eat, but I restrain my selfishness and indulge, for that is the nature of man. We go to the garden, and I look down and see the world below. All of its much-ness, its existence. I look to Truth.
    
     Truth tells me to forge my own path. I shall take them at their word, and I manifest. A sphere appears before me. It is transparent, but the light around it is distorted, like a black hole. I enter the sphere. All inside is nothing, and then I am reminded of the words long ago spoken. I manifest, and there is light. As it was said, it is good, and the sun I have created hovers before the nothing. The rays bounce off of my dark skin, for I have created myself to be the root of this world, as man moulded the world to their whim. I pray I do not detrimentally affect my denizens, for I am told I must have great plans in store for all. It shall be a long time before I am given full control, however, for there is an errand I am being sent on.
    
     I arrive in the snow. Primitive civilisations dot the white death around me, their lights glowing, fires blazing in the night. I am struck momentarily with awe as I gaze upon this sight. I shall not attempt to curse this domain with my presence, for I am being watched. They do not trust me, this being, and yet there is a familiarity about them. I trust in Truth that we were meant to meet. She continues watching me, and I form a body more recognisable to a denizen. I am not short, nor am I tall. I have blonde hair, blue eyes. I am not muscular, nor am I skinny. My skin is pale, like the snow around me, and I am akin to a ghost in the night. Golden markings etch themselves across my body, and my eyes glow with golden light. I form myself clothes, protecting the body that I form, that being as close to man as I can manage. I will not pretend to be one of them, but I do not wish to scare. This seems to please the woman, for she watches me with less hostility. I cannot see her, merely sense her. She looks on me now with curiosity, natural, normal curiosity. She behaves rationally. And so I name her such. **Rationality, the quality of being based on or in accordance with reason or logic**. She cares for my recognising of her, for she does not recognise me. She does not deign to visit me, in recognition of my volatility and deceptive-ness. I shall wander more in this snow.

Links:
[[Iterations]]

Tags:
#NeverFinished